we know already from the most recent
report of the annoy a committee that's
the senate intelligence Oversight
Committee in the United States their
report was published in may that the CIA
continues to engage in these covert
action operations to penetrate and to
manipulate political parties
government's trade unions public
information media professional and
cultural societies in other words the
institutions of power of other countries
and this is the thing that I and many
others would like to make as difficult
and is visible as possible and I think
that one has also to ask or to ask and
perhaps of look for the answer to the
question what is the CIA doing right now
in France they know that I have a nose
for their types of activities and as
some of you will recall we we I think
there was an exposure of about 60 CIA
people in the embassy in Paris about two
years ago so they have a huge office
there it's almost as big as the one in
London